hey guys trihard films and today i have
something different for you um like just
FYI for the future not gonna do like a
full-on let's play series I'm gonna do
videos of different maps and stuff cuz I
like to work with stuff like off camera
a lot more just so I can have like
unlimited frames and not have to worry
about like file size and all that stuff
by the way i'm using fe discos OCD
texturepack yes i'm in snapshot 13w 20
way so it's not complete but it's mostly
there um let me just show you um don't
worry I'm not okay yeah I use em BTW
edit if you notice I'm using the map of
the world is Massachusetts as Cape Cod
of in Rhode Island block island
world gents love there's Long Island and
so I have n BTW i did some stuff but
don't worry about spawning stuff with
creative um it's pretty much just for me
to like free build and stuff in this um
i'm not i'm just gonna i just used
created for that cheats were enabled
already on the world I can just MBTA to
that so i can edit it but actually the
SEI mbta my vision speed hey strength
water breathing nothing that's really
gonna help me because I'm playing on
peaceful um I'll out nbt edit all this
stuff later on but this is pretty much
what i have now you know just i'm gonna
try to keep it like natural looking like
I'm not gonna build out all the way
there and stuff gotta keep the coastline
stuff how it is um
he's the central so far just made it to
look all spiffy in here's and stuff i
gave myself this was all nbt edited um
this is some redstone stuff this is all
I'm gonna have I mean yeah there are
natural oars but um why of 168 I think
yeah why was 167 for sea level to fit on
the grade the height map of the world so
that's pretty much how that so Everest
is that like 265 mariana trench is at
like zero or whatever this is just the
quick guidelines i'm gonna try to follow
ah Phil sandwich s every or accept
diamond emerald it a rarity know stuff
like that I mean um already had this is
where I live relatively I mean it's 1
1500 scales so it's not going to be
completely accurate but I mbta today's
blocks so it's not unlimited but it's a
stack of like 600 little an apple
there's unbreaking champion over 127 and
then we have dig dig mother
morning wood minor McGee just kind of
pic what air quote class you have
because you'll just have this one book
that's not unlimited I have the one
beacon to prevent any issues with the
wither due to the fact that Sun peaceful
um bottles of enchanting just because
but i am BTW ated to level 2 billion
that is just an ordinary sinai happen
that um redstone stuff it's pretty much
like a starter kit diamond armor its
start off with that let me just show you
proof of the debt this is in pretty much
an infinite stack as you can see I'm in
survival
there's no damage value either but you
just want to put this back in there
because if I pick these up right away or
just stack right on top of that and if I
drop these four entities they become the
ghost one it stays on there you get the
one and it's it's confusing but now like
the OCD texture pack it's pretty cool
and I don't really understand the point
of haste it doesn't really seem like the
mining speed is any faster although I
don't really know I'm not good when it
comes to stuff like that there's wool is
that is that I don't know why sugar
canes don't have a texture we'll put it
there for now that's pretty much what i
have so far just wanted to show you guys
that and my wheat is growing um once you
reach 10k whenever the hell that'll be
um i will release the smoking special so
hope you guys look forward to that if
that's what you want to see otherwise
yeah not really sure but um yeah I just
want to show you what I have so far i'll
be doing a lot of stuff off camera but
i'm not gonna like cheat in stuff is not
much fun of that i have server for that
where i am working that oh geez is 430
3000 pretty much simple redstone clock
still going with all that still this
this just clears all your armor tools
that good stuff and that's pretty much
it i think yeah
I do like the glowstone in this town
with leaves but um catch you guys later
thanks for watching and yeah